yes hi I'm Danny DeVito I'm Raven Symone
Patrick corporate Harvey Fierstein
Sylvester Stallone well Sean Harris ron
gilbert gottfried
kevin grievious James Arnold Taylor in
McKinnon hi I'm Emily Blunt I am the
voice of Zooey and I'm John Krasinski
the voice of Owen in the new animated
movie animal crackers which we are very
excited to show you the world premiere
of the trailer what happened to that
wide-eyed kid used to love the circus he
grew up I'm eating dog biscuits for a
job hey you go blue what do you have
here that's kind of weird
[Music]
[Applause]
how do these things work it's magic
you're a special kid your uncle saw that
you are now the proud owners of one one
down circus this is what you've always
wanted
I mean this is your future this this is
our future this isn't a future
everything that was special about this
circus he's gone when's this gonna end
at least soon enough didn't come here to
see acrobats I have to do something like
what
happy
[Music]